README.md, before:

# Repository
Reference implementation of a repository that supplies suitable metadata to the portal. This is developed within work package WP6 by the [West-Life H2020 project](https://west-life.eu) running from 2015 to 2018. It provides application level services usable for structural biology use cases and follows [the structural biology data lifecycle](http://internal-wiki.west-life.eu/w/images/9/9c/Assessment_of_the_life_cycle_of_structural_data_and_comparison_with_other_scientific_data.docx). Data management work package WP6 build on existing infrastructure for storing and accessing data. Full documentation is rendered in [HTML docs](https://h2020-westlife-eu.gitbooks.io/virtual-folder-docs/content/) or [PDF docs](https://www.gitbook.com/download/pdf/book/h2020-westlife-eu/virtual-folder-docs)

# Test installation
If you don't have vagrant and/or virtualbox, download and install [vagrant tool](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) and [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).
Tested on Vagrant (1.9.6) and VirtualBox (5.1.30)


* (Optionally) Edit the bootstrap.sh file and change values of variables
    SP_IDENTIFICATION=http://local.west-life.eu

    SP_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:8080/mellon 

* (Optionally) if you have your sp-metadata,idp-metadata,sp_key and sp_cert file from previous installation, put it next to the VagrantFile - these will be reused instead of generating new one

Execute following in your command line:


    git clone https://github.com/h2020-westlife-eu/wp6-repository.git
    cd wp6-repository
    vagrant up

If new sp-metadata.xml was generated, send it to westlife-aai@ics.muni.cz in order to enable authentication via West-Life AAI. N.B. For the pilot environment we do not require any paper work. 
After you're done, you can destroy the VM.

    vagrant destroy

# Development
To merge backend with git repository

    git subtree pull --prefix=backend https://github.com/andreagia/spring-wp6

Commit message:

UPDATE: fix nullpointer per testcases, link to online documentation, merged pom

README.md, after:

# Repository
Reference implementation of a repository that supplies suitable metadata to the portal. This is developed within work package WP6 by the [West-Life H2020 project](https://west-life.eu) running from 2015 to 2018. It provides application level services usable for structural biology use cases and follows [the structural biology data lifecycle](http://internal-wiki.west-life.eu/w/images/9/9c/Assessment_of_the_life_cycle_of_structural_data_and_comparison_with_other_scientific_data.docx). Data management work package WP6 build on existing infrastructure for storing and accessing data. Full documentation is rendered in [HTML docs](https://h2020-westlife-eu.gitbooks.io/virtual-folder-docs/content/) or [PDF docs](https://www.gitbook.com/download/pdf/book/h2020-westlife-eu/virtual-folder-docs)

# Test installation
If you don't have vagrant and/or virtualbox, download and install [vagrant tool](https://www.vagrantup.com/downloads.html) and [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).
Tested on Vagrant (1.9.6) and VirtualBox (5.1.30)

{% hint style='info' %}
(Optionally) In order to integrate with West-Life SSO, you need  your sp-metadata,idp-metadata,sp_key and sp_cert files.
These are newly generated for each installation. If you have it from previous installation, then put it next to the VagrantFile - these will be reused instead of generating new one

Edit the bootstrap.sh file and change values of variables to your hostname and registered identification with West-Life SSO.

     SP_IDENTIFICATION=http://local.west-life.eu
     SP_ENDPOINT=http://localhost:8080/mellon 

{% endhint %}

Execute following in your command line:


    git clone https://github.com/h2020-westlife-eu/wp6-repository.git
    cd wp6-repository
    vagrant up

If new sp-metadata.xml was generated, send it to westlife-aai@ics.muni.cz in order to enable authentication via West-Life AAI. 

After successful finish. The VM is prepared, the port 8080 is automatically forwarded to VM's port 80. 
To connect to VM using SSH
    vagrant ssh
The backend DB is using randomly generated access credentials at  `/etc/westlife/repository.key`
    
You may source this file by using

    source /etc/westlife/repository.key
    
You may restart the backend service by

    sudo service westlife-repository restart
    
 See further details in the project documentation https://h2020-westlife-eu.gitbooks.io/virtual-folder-docs/content/repository/
